you gave me hope when it seemed hopeless you put a song in my
heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a Wale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a stone coming out of
mountains never to be Ted all the
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name
[Music]
oh
[Music] how's that tell them who fixed it okay
people for once it was me I fixed it it was just cables fantastic what are we
gonna do tonight we we got to clean up the place we got to clean it out and in order to do that we're going to have to
find some kind of sulfur to burn um to get this place all de ghosted um tonight
I want to bring you scua when I say scua I'm introducing you to a cult word from
Antiquity it's the name of a queen queen of culus it's also the name of the state
in which you enter when you're doing the cyan love it so tonight we going to do
it through Alex um thanks to chewy for bringing along
[Applause]
Alex [Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause]
h
[Music]
oh fantastic okay so I'll re explain what I was saying but no noise was
coming out of my face at the beginning um so what we're looking at tonight is I
have to take you to one of those Dark Places we're going to go back and we're g to look at what Jesus is doing with
his APO young apostles who are teenage boys 10 to 18ish
Nish in that range we're going to look at what they're doing specifically with
them and how he is bringing AP bringing about that grooming process and and um I
want to go I want to start out with you um at a place right away you know let's get off the ship because right away um
we're in a place where there's a cult movement going on around us I'm going to take you back you're gon to love this
this is why you dirty dirty people always come back because you love these sources you love it it's like drinking
that pure water from that Fountain Way up in the from the hippoc crane let's
let get it oh let's get it bring that First Source up for me who am I bringing to you I'm bringing to you a priest I'm
bringing to you some theander and he says look people look I don't want you
to drink this drink and why is that this stuff is lethal the stuff is lethal
right he says it works like those you know the crazy people crazy people when
they're babbling they're obviously out of their minds because they've been drinking it and what happens to them
they're struck these bachans oh wait what we're talking about a cult that is
bck these bakets are struck they're struck and they they they do what they
shout they're going around it's crazy they shout in unison these crazy fearful
shouts and these songs and what do they how what do they do it under the influence of look at that last word in
the third line oyer right they do it under the influence of the
oyas that cannot be managed that Fury that Mania if you look at Lazo there
same thing you're instituting a state of Mania in someone and that is what the
Mysteries are doing these are the Bic women I want you to I want to point it
out to you this is an ancient priest helenistic priest named nander and he is
talking about the bucket choruses what they do okay they enter into states of mania
via drugs now this may have been this may have been something that the
philologists classical philologist stood around and had to catch themselves because they don't believe in drugs they
don't believe that we should talk about the founders of democracy using drugs we
shouldn't we shouldn't unless they did in which case we have to talk about it
that's what I'm bringing you let's get the next source there we are with these bachans here's another source of bachans
and in what's that in his name in whose
name in my name excuse me in my name they will cast out demons this is bakas
talking right in my name they'll cast out demons and they'll speak in new UN
here toor unknown languages o and what else they going to
be doing they're going to be raising up handling
serpents seriously these guys you know these bonings are nuts man you ever seen
the ancient Greco Roman portrayals of them they're running up and down Hills with snakes they got snakes around their
waist they got and I'm not talking just stole any snake I'm talking poisonous poisonous venomous
vipers what are they doing they got a basket full of them why do you have to
ladies if you're going on a picnic for the weekend I understand the different
supplies that you're going to take I don't get the basket full of snakes unless you're using that Venom I
don't get it is does this all make sense of course
the system mystica that sacred Arc has within it that source of the
Venom that you need need to get high so that you can do things like these people
are doing what else do these people do they're going to come up with these new languages they're going to be handling
the snakes and what's gonna this is a nice conditional here if somebody you know drinking the
thimon you're drinking that death dealing Brew you're getting into that
death what do these cultists do they bring the
death second death death bro can you smell the sulfur it's from that pit it's
where that second death is oh yeah get in the throne I'm gonna show you
something get in the throne W okay um let's go back to that one one more time
I just want to finish it off so if they drink you know when they go into these
rights and they're entering into the death State nothing's going to hurt them right this it's not going to hurt him
and he he even uses an expression here that's a an affirmative it's an
effective affirmative where you it's it's emphasizing no no way no way will
anything injure them right and what do these freaks do what do these death cult
freaks do they remember okay wait hang on don't remember yet remember in a
minute what do they do they put their hands they put their hands on these
uninspired they get feely touchy feely putting their hands on the uninspired
and when they do they enter into a state that is beautiful they enter into a state that
is beautiful now whose words were those that I just quoted that's
Jesus from the gospel of Mark that's Jesus from the gospel of
Mark kitties right we're here learning about
Jesus amen do you mean that Jesus was involved in a drug using mystery cult
yes kitties yes right Remember by the time kids Remember by the time Jesus was
here talk talk talking saying Christ Christ christing and remember when he
said he was Christ he said don't tell it anyone don't tell anyone there's certain
things that your teenage Apostles can't talk about by the time he did his thing it
had already been a thousand years before the first human being was christed the
founder of the mystery the media yeah scua I told you about scua
before when I no voice was coming yes schoa that Queen
that Queen what does it mean it's it's in a it's a state of intoxication do you hear that right right out of the Greek
mouth from Antiquity scoa being in that state the queen State
that's the queen State that's what we call her queen of culus we call her sca
sca love it love it um sorry let's go I
went to somewhere did you see that to I was temporarily out there for a minute let's go I want to bring you to some
prophecy I'm going to take you to the horos give me the next one or for those of you who have eyes to see the
oros yes and there's a six in there right in the middle right in the middle
standing on that bridge what is this I'm showing you this is a boundary Stone
this is the place that you find your limit uhhuh
uhhuh that was Jesus that was Jesus people talking about drinking the death
formula involved in the resurrection rights that was Jesus Calling himself
the Christ and saying don't tell people those were his words you thought it was bonus didn't you it was that's the point
yeah it's one right people fantastic
Illuminati you want some Illuminati my people know I bring it I bring him the illumination let's go
you're going to love this look at this dirty stuff the prophecy of vya you'd
say that's not dirty Ammond that's not dirty no it's not vya vya was a
prophetes a Cil a Cil to the
atrans and she set up all of the religion of the people who ultimately
handed down through aeria a
prophetes the religious law yeah what works what works and what
doesn't and vya comes up and she says this is a prophecy from the Vatican Hill
baby you know it's right there with the worship of those divinities those early
Seven Hill divinities are we bringing it back you know we're going to do tonight
we're GNA bring the Beast back love it this is
vgo's prophecy are you ready for this yeah okay so this is the vo this is
voya's prophecy and by the way the Tres and called her Beya it just went went back and forth like that anyway um she
says no know this you know the air and the water were
separated does this sound like genesis yeah Genesis is a third Century ripoff
of this it's a thir Century ripoff of this wait what I thought it happened
that Moses was 1200 no no that's the funny thing it all
starts in the thir Century libraries people it's all about
libraries go back to your library check out your library what happens here blow this up Chey my eyes are getting so bad
yeah um so when Jupiter did this you know he he took for himself the land of
aturia where the at truskin are isn't that nice that's what V says and he set
up and ordered there to um to be established these you know these
markers these signs these borders limits why did he do
this because he knew I'm just transl to because he knew the greediness of
people he knew their desire to take somebody's land yeah yeah and what happened then
well you know um we find ourselves says voria in the
eighth cyclum we're with the eighth man does anybody remember who the eighth man is
this is where my esoteric lovers are going to be digging tonight right the
ogad where's that eighth eth thing where's that eighth person the one who
was but is not now and will come back when that one comes back oh God he
brings lady Babylon he brings lady Babylon we are in the eighth culum says
vya bring us back up vya where'd she go my beau beautiful prophetes bring blow
that up Chey thank you very much um and so what happens what do we need here um
people are going to move them she says people are going to move them and they're going to take possession of
stuff right and why because that's the way it is and what's gonna
happen vya says some things are going to happen your weather stuff is going to start to get bad and you're going to
start to get funny diseases okay
thanks thanks yeah yeah um and here's another one the
people they're gonna start acting a little bit crazy they're gonna start
acting funny and there's GNA be serious fighting between them it's as if Civil
Society is going to break down itself this is what happens when you don't
respect that limit all of us under the power of
Nemesis right underneath that power of Justice all of us whether or not I'm not
talking courts either talking about nature talking about being talking about
Nemesis love it bring me back let's go on from booya um I want to bring up so where do
we go from this Pro prophetes h what what happened yeah when he opened
up the seal the seventh what happened it came there was a silence got sucked into
the universe wait where am I remember we're with Visionary
Cults right so don't don't be shocked at the big back and forth um this is what
happens with the PMA right didn't you see what Duma said right Duma apostrophe
after the S right we know dma didn't you see what he said it's
that Throne baby we take ourselves to that Throne look where are we here what
happened there was this silence right and um I saw what did I see the seven angels oh God which ones
baby the ones that are right before God who work right there with God and what
happens what happens they've got seven
Sal penis what they've got seven Sal penes that sounds gross bro is that can
you get rid of that with some antibiotic look at this Sal pinks what is a Sal pinks it's a war trumpet baby
and look at the second line you see where it says T that's the T Sal pinks this stuff goes
back to the atrans right this is that
instrument love it they've got seven of them get me the next one I was just having a vision dude I was seeing I was
seeing stuff and then what happens we're down to verse three and another angel
came and he stood there on the Enthusiast on that place where the voice
of God comes from and what does he have what does he have look at the next line people he has
Lian Lian do you know what that is it's literally gold
incense it's gold incense oh my God this is beautiful and what's gonna happen it
was given to him thumi he he was blessed with thomet what
are those things people drugs you know what this Angel is carrying this angel from the apocalypse is carrying he's
carrying a fist full of drugs that will make you high
and why why is he carrying these things so he can
give right so he can provide for the
prayers of all of those holy yeah so he can bring their power
because what do we do people right we're talking about angels take it down for a minute we're talking of think
anthropology right he's got his hand full of that and I'm going to show you the drug in a minute he is fumigating he
throws it down he fumigating he's doing exactly what we do
in the mystery Cults you mean the book of the Apocalypse is based upon the
activities of mystery cult yes yes it is
and here's the angel getting us all high right in the right in the opening let's
let's let's go back there to that one yep yep yep oh God and what is he doing
the smoke look at look at verse four look at verse four I think this is chapter8 um apocalypse 8 and what does
he do what is the smoke from all the thumama right
all of that incense what is a thumi it's the place that you burn that stuff right
okay and what happens that smoke is coming up right and that is those
prayers this is how we enter into it people this is us we're sitting there
and our prayers as we're inhaling this psychotropic
smoke are rising through the dimensions to the third and fourth and fifth heaven
and Beyond This Is Us you thought you thought you knew what Christianity is
didn't you no you didn't right and what happens look at look at what happens with the drugs
K Elan look at verse five Kai Elan the angel the messenger what did he do he
grabbed Mr Stone guy he grabbed that leanon he grabbed that powdered
frankincense combo yeah yeah and he took off combined a
little bit of what was from the fire from Over the Enthusiast stadi he threw
it on the ground and what happened happen what happens when he's doing this kids as
we're watching this what's happening he's producing something what is he
producing chewy bring it back same one what is he producing he's producing
bronti koni kastra kismos he's producing
the Thunder and the lightning and the voices do you hear the voices do you
hear the voices do you feel the earthquake do you feel the earthquake oh take take it down do you
feel the earthquake you will you will when that
servant of God when that angel how many among you let me ask him this to be
quiet for a minute Watchers how many of you would use this
capacity if you had it how many of the sons of angels still inhabit this
realm yes yes this oh it's gorgeous isn't it it's
amazing when you consider Jesus with his naked boy it's not you know hugely out
of place we'll get there though we're coming to Jesus the naked kid keep going keep going um next next Source yeah I
just want to show you people this is the libanos the frankincense right right this is libanos um uh yeah that's nice
but look at this um this is also frankincense uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh
and boom sacrifice Oh I thought I had the wrong I had the wrong image of it's okay
I was gonna show you that this thumama um come it comes from the Greek conception of what you do when you uh
perform a sacrifice um you are cons completely consuming in
fire these incense bits and one of the things that I want to show you with the
I'm going to show you in a second but I'm going to show you with the um the frankincense that they're able to refine
it down to a form that most suits fumigations and they call
it Mana they call it Mana I thought Mana
hang on where's our where's our Bible scholar come here come here come here yes both of you both of you I don't care
nonone priest is doesn't matter Bible scholar I don't care come here for a
minute come here yep you know the
drill it doesn't come from Hebrew you mean the word Mana doesn't
come from Hebrew no no as a matter of fact it doesn't comes from a much much
older Greek tradition of processing frankincense
that you've imported from Arabia yeah this is civilization people
we are not Backwoods anymore right this is civilization this is what
we're fighting to maintain right Mana you mean Mana is Greek and not Hebrew
correct correct next thing you're gonna tell me again is Greek as well
just hold on just hold on let's go back to the cult and get in with these party
people give me this one where are we blow this up people I want you to see this oh God you know what this is this
is a chorus giving you a shout out from a bakic Groove we've got a bakic song
going these people are stoned out of their minds and what do they say it's
sweet it's sweet to be in those forests one those mountains whenever you're
doing your run around in your theosis right now these are women these are
women who are going to be saying this these are Meads um let um you women out there who
think you're into who think you're into um extreme uh thank again thank again let
me show you these women um if we could model these women I would uh I would
give my right something to bring these women back to bring this chorus back so they say sweet to be in
Forest whenever you know you've been running that running around that theosis
that dance you fall to your feet boom that thing is finished you fall to your
feet there you know and you're sitting there wearing your Little Fawn skin you know your holy Fawn skin right and what
are you doing you're sitting there hungry for the for the what for the goat
blood death the goat blood death the sacrifice
death the tragedy you knucklehead we don't sacrifice goats we sacrifice
people that's the tragedy that's the
tragedy yeah okay you're sitting around with that hunger bring me back bring me back you've got that oophagy going do
you know when you ENT enter into these states and the Manas they describe um uh
refer to increased ex sexual ecstasy right accompanied by severe um
phobic psychosis you get quite a creature when
you bring that out you know what I mean okay and what happens here let's look at back to the text so we're sitting around
look can you see them they're all sitting there all hungry for the homopyrimidine it's their Grace what
does this line say from ureides it says it's their Haren the right to eat the flesh drink
the blood is their Grace does anybody smell those
Christians not modern Christians I'm talking to ancient Christians because and Jesus and his boys because modern
Christians are a shadow of an emptiness that is is modern
Christianity it is an emptiness it's a void you people can I just say well give
me one moment and this brings my goat that I have to that I have to make such an announcement it really gets my goat
do you see those are the that was the key word right chewy gu my goat right
guess my exactly gu my goat um yeah um Christianity just quick
announcement you are nothing today of what you
were Judaism you are nothing today of what
you were yeah yeah isn't that amazing the religions
that we see practice today are not what their Founders
created isn't that amazing now we're going to look at one aspect of that what are these people doing they're touching
me they're touching me Jesus wants to touch you too Jesus wants to touch you
too especially if you're a little kid Jesus loves touching little kids and
he's always yelling about not being scandalized let's go let's finish the bonus where are we at the bonkin before
we get to Jesus and the boys where are we at with the bonkin here blow this up yeah look what's going to happen people
you want more Christianity and Judaism do you want it the land flow with milk
and honey and wine you know the Greeks
wouldn't leave that one out right milk and honey and wine it's in all the sacrifices you know that why do you
think Moses is written as a character in The thir Century why do you think he's
so big on the milk and honey because he's part of the right that's what
they're trying to put into a text wow it's amazing Watch What Happens here
um we've got some Syrian um see the lianu we've got the frankincense there
right and the bakas the bakas right it's like saying the
Christ right what is he doing he's holding up that torch he's holding up
that flocks that flocks it's distributed
through his ARX wait I hear Prometheus in there you mean Prometheus was part of a Visionary
cult what did you think by the way the Ooze from his liver
will get you so high yeah yeah did you know that why do
you think that bird was eating it that stuff fell on the ground and out of it came that plant that makes all of our
pain go away Helen was picking that stuff
yeah okay people do you see your real history do you see your actual history
it's just bringing you these documents back let's keep going man it gets worse it gets worse let's let's keep going I'm
G to take my time tonight I don't um yeah just let's finish off what else are we doing around running around right
we're we're creating these vocalizations these vocalizations that
exhibit this furied frenzy and what do we saying go Bonin go these are the
women these are the women screaming this right isn't that gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous let's just go oh sorry chewy did you want to show something show what you were gonna show it's okay you're
involved too here show what you wanted to show I was talking about Bonin and we're in our Rave and here's a nice
picture of a Bonin right a mead isn't that nice oh that's a nice Mead so
imagine her all ready to go with her serpents and with her staff that has a
head like a pine cone that sharpens so that you can smash somebody's Noggin with it right um her weapons of war and
if they kill you it's okay it's okay if they kill you I don't know maybe it's
good to get eaten by a bunch of mead I don't know I could think of worse
okay let's go look I want to take you take a off I want to take you somewhere where you're not going to be able to go
no Bible scholar here is going to know this stuff they don't read these texts they don't have any interest in them um
so good more for us let's go bring it up who is this who is this oh this is di
escores he's like the master of pharmacology and Antiquity right and
what does he say oh my God this stuff it grows in Arabia and the place where they
actually produce it right the place is known because they actually produce it there it grows and oh the fine stuff of
this is it's non particulate right Real Fine po white powder right when you add
that to the fire boom right the whole thing burns up anyway he's just describing it and he
goes on to describe it there to the bottom I just wanted you to see that
these are drugs that the people are working with openly we don't have any problem um Tous our word tus comes from
the Greek thos right that's that burning right when when you say that there's frankincense that was given by the Magi
to Jesus when you say that you don't know what you're talking
about if you've never seen how frankincense was used in the ancient
world and Jesus doesn't use just the garbage stuff those angels they got
access to the gold to the
gold love it that's the good stuff right now you know why that fleece was
golden Oh no you're kidding no I'm not no I'm not let's go to the next one look
at this word people thos here's your Greek this is a burnt sacrifice right notice in the number two it equals
thumi right and you see Hippocrates and galin there as sources those are my
those are my peeps right no nobody's nobody reads nobody reads either of
those authors who does classical philology u i I can only think of a
handful in Europe and and in America yeah I can only think of a
handful who actively use those sources nobody does nobody does people I just
found today galin's on Seaman I'll get it I'll get
it to you in a minute brilliant it's in two books it's in two book male seman and female Sean and it has all the
secrets over a hundred Pages all the secrets the secrets to eliciting the
seed of the woman I'll say that one more time all
the secrets to eliciting the seed of a woman okay do you know why classicists
are so ridiculous and awkward it's because they don't read this stuff they need to
read this stuff it would would have taught them the ones that read Aid usually they're okay um okay let's go to
this this is the next one no this is the next one sorry yeah thumama what is that
incense I just want you to see but I want you to notice at the bottom um
fumigations and he gives us pH luminus another source that nobody reads I
guarantee you your pastor didn't know who that is voluminous are you kidding me look um
fumigations people I told you they are fumigating whoops they are fumigating
don't let me fly Che um they're fumigating themselves and when I say
fumigating I mean hot boxing right doesn't matter if you're in a small container like a little storage jar I've
seen him do that and you stretch a fat fabric over the top and you sit there and burn your burn your fumam right
there and woo right you enter those zones you've never been fumigated right
it's medicine haven't you oh God you need to take a bath say the cians you
need to take a bath at least twice a day wait seriously they took that many
baths what a waste of water no no no they didn't use water they used
cannabis they fumigated cannabis um in order to bathe you see
what it does it bathes you physically of of impurities and it bathes you um
within your soul yeah isn't that nice it's kind of a kind of a natural thing
um nice but we also you know we can also sit there with the devil so let's go
back to the devil why nobody likes here we go here's here's a little bit more I just wanted to show
you christing people this is that same author diores it's the same author and
if you look here I just want you to see Kos third line down kind of right in the
middle everybody in Greek will see that guess what he's
using the frankincense within this christing what
do you do you do when you Christ something it's a far it's a pharmacological term that's all people
right it's all that's all it is right we saw that last couple
episodes I showed you the terminology I showed you brilliant brilliant okay um
here it is again uh what are we doing here oh it helps for phenomenal if you drink it it can kill you you know what I
mean um but look at the LA second uh let's see third line from the bottom starting on the right side
M okay so I cut off the side there but um um what it says is this stuff can
induce Mania and especially when um you drink too much of it you know in the um
process of initiating um Health in the process of
bringing Health you can cause death by using too much of this stuff but first
Mania you know what I mean first Mania um and you know too much like some
people he says they they put it in their wine when you put too much in your wine it can kill you it can kill you so he's
warning you you have to be careful he's a he's a physician slash pharmacologist slash
pharmacist right he's a slash historian of medicine slash preserver of
pharmacopia so you know he like a it's like an ancient Renaissance guy yeah can
that happen can you have somebody come back in the past no you can't do that
give me next one please um look man OES I just want you to see it's like Madness
um but I also want you to see at the bottom they use it with um causing Madness and they specifically give us
this section of dioris but I also want you to notice it's involved with pan and
nus so nus is the one who has all of the cult terminology under his belt if you
really want to know ancient cult you know nus and um people don't people don't like to um don't really understand
how helpful nonas can be nonas explains John's gospel in terms of bucket
cult do you know Jesus was the wox no you didn't look you Christians sitting
here today did you know Jesus was the wox wait that it's an old Myan term
right deal with it yeah so is the Christ you think they made up Christ you think
Jesus was walking around he was like oh I'm the U let's see the the the hu huaju
the ma mipo the um freck knock
no Christ Christ yes I'll be the Christ do you really think that that's what
happened he stepped out there was a halo around his head in Golden Light and he was like who I'm the Christ here I am
there he is right that's what you thought I know
it is because here's the Visual Evidence of your stupid thoughts that are
inaccurate no dude he used a title that had been there for a thousand
years yeah you mean Jesus wasn't the first Christ what what you
did you know his Apostles are all teenage
boys let's get to it we got more we got more tonight I'm having fun thank you people it's the final season I'm just
going to relax and have fun um I just want to see you this kazakos thing um
for those of you who think the last five minutes was you know I I can hear your
comments those of you who are like this I can hear your comments I'm not talking to the congregation I'm talking to the
visitors right those who were Among Us right who've come here just to disrupt
right I know that you think the last five minutes of what I said about the Christ and the drugs it's not related um
bam right in your face can you feel that oh yeah I can put it right there I'm
going to put it right in your mouth are you ready here it is say it with me people kisto
hey hey hey hey hey you seminarian don't leave don't leave the room don't leave the room don't you ever do that unless I
throw you out of my class which I have for use's ointments and they give you the trisco I
told you about those trisco didn't I right that's what we have in the
apocalypse what is it trois it's a little no no leave it up
it's a little pill that you dissolve in water and it's got all sorts of goody good good things in it kitties it's got
all sorts of goody good things and you can either drink it or you can take it and squirt it up somewhere that your
body will absorb it you know what I mean and um yeah and what happens with these
drugs you're gonna have Vision you're gonna have Vision it's
gonna take your brain and turn it on its end but don't worry
it's also going to help you to grow and if you do this the right way it'll cure
cancer yeah yeah 60% of us could use
that yeah if you do it the right way it's a promise from the ancient
world a prophecy yeah love it bring it back
bring it back boom let's go to this text this is
from oh we got pornoo right the top this is from um the apocalypse and I'm just
going to translate it quick I'm just going to translate it quick and on the forehead of this gorgeous not okay I'm
this is my translation so you guys can all you know buy a
seat um look what's on her gorgeous gorgeous face right in the midd middle
of her forehead it says mystery who are we talking about we're talking Babylon the great man this is the mother this is
the mother of those priestesses who give us
that life she's the one who these who has these oh
these these oh I can't even say it these Corruptions these Abominations of the
earth what are these Abominations do you feel do you feel me with the Christian
sect taking over and I saw the woman I saw her what was she doing she was drunk
I see you ladies I see you bachans you're drunk from the blood of the
Holy from the blood of the witnesses of Jesus drink the blood I'm offering you
bck women I'm offering you to drink the blood of the witnesses of
Jesus so you know seeing all this stuff I was sitting there shocked out of my
britches and this Angel says to me says don't be so scared he says I'm gonna
tell you the mystery of this woman and the Beast the Beast who Bears her up the
one that has seven heads and 10 horns this Beast which you see he
was but he is not now and he will be someday he's gonna
come back from the abyss he's gonna come back from the pit to bring
destruction and what what's going to happen the people on the Earth are going to be amazed they're going to be
amazed right right oh my
God I saw the Beast who
was and is not both will be oh oh is this the Beast it is do you
know what the Beast brings us do you know what the theion brings us right and
I'm talking like a priest from Antiquity do you know what the thec brings us do
you know what these pastels bring us do you know what these drugs bring us do you know what the incense does for
us yeah you're going to be able to drink that death dealer you're going to be
able to come through this you're going to be able to be born again you too will know the voice of
God yeah yeah let's bring it next text
okay I'm gonna give a little more esoteric punch to this and we're coming up to a big climax people the ending
tonight should be big right it should be don't promise and then not bring it
through it's okay I'm there I'm there look I'm not going anywhere I'm here you just relax you just relax you feel it
right and know your own pleasure just know your own pleasure with these texts and the Beast who was and is not
now he's the eighth he is the eighth and he comes
from the seven you know and he will lead us to
destruction okay okay now you know do you know what brings her back do you know what brings
lady Babylon back don't push bu buttons on the
ship I've been pushing random things do you know what brings her back the
Beast the Beast Bears her and do you know what she has do you know what lady
mystery has she has the Water of Life 60% of us are going to need that Water of Life
life if we bring her back the only way we're going to do it
is through the Beast through the Beast
fortunately we've broken the seals yeah yeah let's go let's go we got
all this I'd like to offer to any to any uh person out there with a
capacity um to reinstate to bring back the
Oracle yes we have the mechanism and we have from that product the Water of Life
The Water of Life a new
medicine a new genetic medicine built into nature built into our genes and all
we need is that water we can produce it to anybody who's capable of doing that get in touch with
me I'll lay it all out for you and I cannot by my satanic contract I cannot
charge you a dime yeah otherwise the knowledge of the way
evaporates yeah isn't that something it's pure it's pure welcome back to the
museum you know you want to come to it come to it let's bring it back completely go let's go to the next one
oh look at this one yeah so the what okay now I want to jump I want to jump now to the castration I want to jump to
the um disciples the maai the students of Jesus these teenage boys that he's
with continuously and they're naked at some points when he's on the boat with them um when they're on the boat with
each other than n they're naked when they're in the upper room he's naked with them and he's using his is
underwear to dry their feet which nobody ever seems to find weird um but okay okay um I've seen a
lot of cult stuff um you know it's the The Germ phobia right in me that makes
me think why would you dry a 12-year-old boy's feet that you've just washed and
handled why would you dry that with the thing that's wrapped around your private
parts it seems odd doesn't it I mean if somebody did that a daycare I'd say
whatat are you doing right but Jesus Jesus gets away
with it and he's gonna scandalize himself are you ready we're gonna look at Jesus touching children I want you to
see it for the first time because yes it it is what it sounds like okay bring us
the text this is Mark and he says yeah and they brought to him children in
order that he might HTO them in order that he might hopto them what is that oh
my god oh I didn't it's later darn it I
didn't have M I'm sorry um in order that he might touch grab
aggressively conquer with the hands um induce SE sexual urges with to
awaken and are enliven with the hands to grasp to grasp he's getting handsy this
is what they want him to do and we'll see what this what this means cult wise in a second it says it and the what what
do his disciples what do the apostles say um they were they they um gave him a
hard time about it yeah they called him short on it and when he saw them doing
this he got pissed this says Jesus got pissed yes verse
14 a pissing that means aonaka means to be
pissed and he said to them you guys let those little kids come right to me don't
stop them this is the kingdom of
God and I'm really amen he's given a he's given a forceful amen that's what
Christ does right he's always pronouncing these magic words amen is one of them I say Amen to you right and
all of a sudden all the demons per up right it's only when he's doing serious stuff that he does this right stuff
that's out of the PGM they use it too right um so he says
amen whoever receives the kingdom of God as
child yeah yeah yeah wait wait what as a
child whoever doesn't do this is what whoever doesn't receive the king of
Heaven's Gile one he's not coming into it he's not going to enter into it you
got to receive it hoson
hoson as a child you say what if I'm 90 as a
child do you know how children receive the kingdom of God you're about to see it you're about to see it and it
involves putting your hands on them and you say I I went to Bible school I
went to Bible school I went to Sunday school and I listen my pastor I listened
to him and he said this is a bu would do like this and
yo and I saw my priest I was in walking around Vatican saw my priest there he
was doing the right doing a doing a little bit of that you know what I mean no that is not
the laying on of hands we're talking about the ancient mystery drug Cult of
Christianity so let's see what it is let's go on with the text oh this is gorgeous I love this stuff thank you
guys for I treasure every minute I treasure every minute of this um yeah
yeah uh okay yeah let him come right and he says don't prevent them right and um
you got to receive it hos P right are you you're not going to enter in look at the very last line This is
16 and he enfolds the child he enfolds
them with his arms and he puts his hands on them while
he is praising what he is putting his hands
on wait a minute what he is eulogizing did you ever notice
what Jesus does when he touches children you don't see him doing this
with Roman centurions I'll guarantee you that when he puts his hands on them he
Praises them he eulogizes what he is
touching full body contact infolding that child pray raing them do you know
why he's going to need those children later when he gets arrested in the public parking for him with one of them
naked with a bandage on their private parts okay just wait just wait for those
who want to be Unix stay after
class oh here this one's for me I need one of those you're bad don't talk like
that that's bad ow wow no seriously hang out after class
and I'll show you why I'm trying to be Jesus let me see give me the text again
the next text just go on to the next uhhuh yeah that's is just folding him in
his arms and this is the eulogizing go to the next one and oh what yeah um yeah
yeah um hey oh yeah this is Matthew this is back in Matthew now yeah and so the
people are bringing them the children in order that he might put his hands on them and what else is he doing the only
reason I bring this up because it's almost word for word exactly what the mark passage is um but the reason I
bring it up is is he adds a different detail he says he is pro El he's
entering a state of prayer he's entering these prayers wait a minute
you mean in our cult when we pray turn it take it down when we pray this freak
of an Angel takes this insense boom and I'm fumigating you
people yeah why for our prayers baby that's the only way you talk to God you
think you talk to God children children you think you talk to God sitting in your bed do you get out of your bed at
night do you get out of your bed at night kids and sit on the side of your bed and fold your hands and pray to
Sweet Jesus you are not
Christians that is not how it was done by Jesus and his peeps that is not how
it was done that prayer is carried on the back of a psychotropic
substance do you mean when Jesus gets thrown into the Wilderness do you mean
he that's where he's going to talk to the devil yeah
yeah right it's your prayers my friend what's Jesus doing with kids is he
touches them and Praises their parts he is sending up that incense of
prayer to God and if you don't understand
that it's probably better off for you in the long
run for those of us who want to see what's going on because we're voyers um let's keep looking Jesus I
know it's we're getting here to a terrible you know Jesus Christ Jesus Christ this is getting to a ter yeah
let's go to it let's go to the next one yeah um and the Pharisees you know what
I mean here's here's what's setting up is touching of the children now watch The Grooming of the Apostles here the
Pharisees right they approach him and they're they're going to test him you know and they talk to him about divorce
long story short they talk to him about divorce and is it okay Moses said you can put your you can make a writing
divorce and Jesus says H you guys are jerks right um don't you know they're
one you're one flesh with your spouse you're one flesh bro right and you can't
separate that God has put that together Moses knew you guys were idiots and
that's why he gave you that right to be able to do that right and he finally finishes up
here in the end he saysi saying to you that whoever is going to put that her
away whoever is going to divorce his wife except for the case of
porna except for the case of pora what is this person he's a
Moos he's a Moos you know what a Moos was at the time this is not a Jewish
concept yeah this is not okay a Moos is somebody who's G to
freely freely partake in it you know what I mean you can't keep these people
off these people are nymphs right these people are saders they're not g to
stop so who's Jesus talking to well he's
talking to these Pharisees but his kids his children children are his lamkins are still there
with him and they're listening and it they say that's not right Jesus right
group of kids says that's not right go go to it next one go to it
yeah next one yeah and um so this is
when they bring kids to them right and they're saying he's saying allow them to come to me I think I skipped one yeah
and so the students the the you know the Apostles say to them you know if this is
the case for men with women look if this how it if this is how it is um for men
and women right now and when I say when you could for men there you could also
say purpose of people you can also say people you know in if this is how it is
um that we're going to end up dealing with women it's better not to get married right that's I'm going to read
it to you again just so bring it back up I'm going to read read it to you again
yeah if this is the thing that happens to the
man with the woman it doesn't help to get married it's not advantageous to get
married and Jesus said oh you're right kitties I didn't mean to say that
because I'm a follower of doson and focus on the family and I love love love the Evangelical
support of the family this is Jesus wo no he didn't say that I wasn't
translating I was making that up what does he say in response he doesn't deny it he says to them something that's
really creepy so he says to them not
everybody not everybody can take in this thing this logos except
those to whom it's given are you ready and they're all looking at him like huh what he says listen there are
Unix that come out of their mother already Unix and there are
Unix that are unised by other people but little kitties are you
listening that right I'm telling this to a fraking 12year old are you ready there
are unic who make themselves Unix for the kingdom of heaven and
whichever one of you is able to take this on take it
on okay so did Jesus just groom a bunch of boys to consider becoming
Unix and and you're sitting there thinking unic unic what what I nobody's
in Antiquity they're cutting off a lot more testicles than you're used to yeah a lot of testicles people
animals it's just the thing it's just the thing do you know the doctors are into it you think you think your
medicine is Advanced for cross gendering no no it's not it's
developed yeah it's developed but the stuff that's being used to ra Al oh god
let's take a look at it for a little bit does he have a cross covering his privates he should that gets my goat
that we have to do that chewy it really gets my goat that we have to do this we
have to cover up I want people to think of that sign of the cross whenever they're tempted to think
about the naughty parts even if they're the naughty parts of the goat yeah let's
go back let's go back that's thank you you to my audience that tried to get me in trouble and get me adult ratings the
same people who wrote that's funny now that we're coming to the end of satanic initiation what's funny is the same
people okay I'll just say it the same religious groups that
complain to YouTube about my content to try to get it yanked are the ones who
say oh no he's wrong academically he's wrong this word means that it's the same
group does that make sense it makes sense doesn't it it's so inherently
dishonest modern Christianity I'm not talking about what Jesus did I'm not talking about what John the Baptist did
I'm not talking about any of the Apostles I'm talking about modern Christianity modern Christianity is a
lie and it is a lie that forces the person to become a liar it's amazing you
can't hold these people to a standard you can't can't say you're um lies don't
have any effect with us they just do okay no I shouldn't that was so boxy I
don't want I'm not here for Soap Box let's go back boom and Yep this may be
the longest Bible study ever yeah um this is just oh I want to show you the
grabby word this is what Jesus is doing to the parts of the children that he's then saying oh this is so nice I love
this one yeah this is what he's doing okay to cling to a thing to grab watch
this watch the definition keep going of the of HTO my look at look at number
three to touch your effect to make an impression on see it's not just contacting right it's to make an
impression to grasp to grasp look at number five to have intercourse take it
down you mean this word can mean to have just straight up to have intercourse
with yeah why because it's grabbing in a way that is fulfilling
desire yeah yeah HTO my yeah let's go
let's go this is what he's next one what and Watch What Happens here's watch what happens to the word um to Kindle when
you hop to my something you Kindle or you set on fire something right you you
enter this place this configration you know what Jesus is doing he's doing the
same thing that it says in the end of the Gospel of Mark when we're going to
be touching the people and filling them with enthusiasm I can touch you in
certain places that will fill you with enthusiasm yeah let me rephrase let me
just say that again you and I can come into physical contact I can use my hands
and I can bring you to a place of Praise I can inspire you I can bring
that to you right well Jesus is bringing it to kids and every time he brings it
to a kid we know it's not out of Norm out of a normal parameter for what the
mystery religions are doing they're calling their members Pedas John the Baptist is a huge one
he's walking around with a penis shaped cup where do you put
that glass it's essentially a glass phus a glass dildo John the Baptist carried
around a glass dildo yes that's a fact and that's a
scientific term dildo by the way yes scientific um it's a we have ancient
dildo those that have been found um you know um really old ones I think
it's the oldest AR isn't that the oldest human artifact we've got is phus um
dildo from Stone Age yeah I think so somebody sent me a picture of and they were like look at this they found it
it's like 36,000 years old I'm like that's an old old old dildo
yes you could have a bag of those and start a museum
okay I'm riding I'm trying to ride that line I'm trying to write it right carefully this is school children don't
be surprised if we have to say scientific terms let's go to the Y
they're going to try to get me on that one you watch everybody if this is taken down you'll know why okay you'll know who did it opticos right able to come
into contact look at the just number three of medicines right hoptic Co it's that
which causes you know the action of the of the of the plant that they're using
right they put it on there and it works as a medicine you could say it works let's go to the next
one here's a whole bunch oh here's a whole bunch of Unix I just thought I'd show you how much the Greeks love this
word unic right you can unze someone um you can have something that's adjectivally unic like right you talk a
straight up castration straight up castration right love it the Unix very common Antiquity
and Jesus is encouraging the kids he says right imagine saying to a
10-year-old that's what we need we need to bring Jesus back that's what we need you need to go to Sunday school and you
need somebody to come in and be Jesus that's what you need and Jesus will
offer for you kids he'll offer castration if you can take it this is
part of your thing do it that was the advice that was the advice it's very
friendly it's a very friendly kind of advice from Jesus right why is that
because marriage sucks is what he says the kids pick it up and they're
like if this is what marriage is forget it right forget it it's better not to be
married and he doesn't refute it he says well you know there's a third option you
can remove your testicles for the Kingdom of Heaven did you know you could
cut off your testicles I just want people to see this you can cut off your testicles for the Kingdom of
Heaven even if you're just a kid so the Christians today that are saying
transgender people should not be able to do these things they were the ones doing
it originally yeah think about that for a minute think of where their mind was
that was not a problem right for a boy to castrate himself and to take on those
more feminine characteristics that was normal that was the kingdom of heaven right people said does this
religion always go back to the Fran mother yes it does it does
come on Addis now you know what's going on in
Jesus's mind let's just look at a couple of extra sources yep keep going um look at this one people this is one nobody's
going to give you and I'll finish up in 10 minutes give me 10 more minutes hour and a half is way too long I appreciate
your time tonight but let's just let's just ride this submarine all the way to the
bottom who is this this is orius you're never going to get this guy as a source
this is from the Corpus medicor gorum thank you to the German philologists who
figured this thing out edited it and whatnot they've got us here the text I'm going to go ahead and read it for you
blow that up for me Chewy yeah look at what's happening I just want you to focus on the end of the first line you
say you see the elant wait the the unz yeah it's the unz
look at that next word on the next line toon toon he says he's he's in the
middle of talking about disease and the treatment of disease with specific drugs in this case he was talking about helbor
for anybody who gives anything who cares um he's talking about helbor from and
he's quoting from a couple of very um well-known uh Physicians ancient
Physicians and he says when you're dealing with this some people ask this other thing to the to the wound or
to the dressing and then just like those people who make
Unix they apply a drug which is there for the sake
of for the sake of what for the sake of that
infertile [Music] um cauterization it's not it's not a
burning it's a it's a staun ing um let me show you the
word boom next one yeah yep a rling mangling
or look at number two an irritation right that burning of purgatives or
plasters these are the drugs that they're applying to the
testicles to the testicles and they're doing it in the process of
castration right here the drugs people here are the drugs that they're using that Jesus would be making reference to
when he talks about making Unix yeah okay okay there It Is In
Living Color I'm not I'm not making things up about cutting off people's testicles right it's it's there and not
only that but there's drugs that we use just for these purposes right just for these
purposes I'm going to bring you the last I want you to um just to kind
of set you up for the climax look this is galen's work on seed right Seaman
speros see the speros at the top this is galen's work
on seed and there's two books of it there's an alpha and a beta and Alpha is
about masculinity beta is about femin femininity and what is really really
creepy you can take it down what's really kind of fun creepy as you read this he'll talk about things like the
testicles G Will and he'll say this is how you treat the testicles right whatever case that you're trying to do
whatever it's with whether it's castration or not this is how you do it he says you know the um testicles of the
woman and then he describes in detail where the ovaries are in absolute
perfect detail as if he were in his surgeries
observing these things yeah and this is the connection
with those manate inducers within the right within the right you have got if
you want to reach the Kingdom of Heaven you have to be in that unic
state you have to be what is it that they're doing for these Unix gayen will tell you straight up this is how it
changes the person right this is how it changes the person this is how they're
able to interact with drugs right these Cults are using drugs
on people that they've castrated because the castrated boys become the oracles
when you don't have those androgens you get that typically Fe emale response
from the compound drugs this is why Jesus Christ was
arrested in a public park with a naked boy who had a bandage the text tells us
epu on his private parts yeah we've been watching a
cult for the last 2,000 years we've been watching a cult
a sex drug orgy cult with a leader named
Jesus who got pinched in a public park with a naked
boy if you want to follow the sources all I've done is give you sources that
last one that I put up there it's kind of funny he says let me just translate I wanted to he says you know what's the
use or power of Sean that's how he that's that's that's
how he starts his work his great 150 page work yeah what's the
usefulness and power and what's funny is you and I our culture we don't we don't
do these things um have you consider the power of seaman right and when I say Seaman I
he's talking about female male seman as well the power of that which you give
off that contains your Elemental Essence yeah that which brings the
magic right there's something in US consuming that
Essence is what kicks us into the mystery do you know why the word pora is
both fornication and idolatry because you cannot perform the Christian mystery
unless you are having sexual intercourse yeah unless you are
producing the seed you're not there no mystery for you
now you know why now you know why they started to practice it and
eventually it got cleaned up they took out the drugs they took out the sex
yeah and all you have left today with you is your
empty shadow of her religion you are not Christians I tell
you directly today to all of you sitting there who write me emails may Jesus
bless you and may Jesus come and forgive you may Jesus do this you don't know
your own Jesus he was a pet harass arrested in a
park with a naked boy with a ton of drugs on board he was the
Christ thank you for coming tonight to Lady Babylon we'll see you Friday Hil
Satan you never cared for pay and Fortune oh worldly
Renown on the day that it came an AR again you just turned it
down all the
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name why did you ever change your [Music]
name oh